Let's talk about what we're going to call We're in the section in this section we're going to learn
what messaging means in software and why we actually need it.
And as we were discussing the Qs and especially rubidium Q messaging is a very fundamental concept in
this area.
So we have to learn ins and outs of messaging and what it means in the MQ world.
We're also going to talk about the messaging protocols that we have.
And we can use in our applications and especially am Cupie and then we're going to dive deep into Amcu
P And what is souls where us from a synchronous applications to where he efficient messaging pipelines
and Cupie is going to help us so lots of great problems lots of huge problems actually.
And then we're of course going to meet with rabbit.
Q The King of the MQ world we're going to learn again ins and outs of rubidium Q and try to make yourself
as much as we can inside of our applications.
Then we're going to move on to pillars of messaging which are like cue's topics exchanges routeing and
much more we're going to learn all the fundamental concepts of messaging and MQ world using the technologies
of rabid MQ.
We're going to make a comparison of message queuing protocols and messaging applications such as active
MQ 0.
Q camel rabbit.
Q And so on.
We're going to learn.
Ups and downs pros and cons of these technologies and see were Robert M..
Q fits in and will come to the understanding of that rabbit.
Q is by far almost the best choice for any kind of application.
Here we go.
We have a huge list of topics that we're going to cover in the section starting with messaging.
So so start with messaging.
What it means in the world of software.
I'll see on the next video.